1.category-overall.pdf    
It shows the distribution of all the 382,335 unique apps by category. It can be seen that the number of *Game* apps leads by a long way, occupying 22.84% of the total, followed by *Education* and *Utilities* with 9.28% and 7.18% respectively. The least popular category is *Magazines*, accounting for only 0.1% of the total, followed by *Weather* (0.42%) and *Navigation* (1.23%). This presents the category landscape of popular apps across the entire iOS App Market.

2.category-percountry.pdf    
It presents the distribution of each app category overall and for each region. The regions are listed in descending order of the percentage of *Game* (the most popular category worldwide). In general, the *Game* apps leads by a long way, with around 23% of the total. In fact, *Game* apps have the greatest popularity, regardless of the region. Meanwhile, there are also categories that suffer from lower popularity in every region, such as *Weather* and *Magazines*. However, for an individual category, the degree of preference varies by region. For example, the *Utility* apps account for 4% (283) in Korea, compared to 12% (1,422) in China.

Understanding the favorability of categories across regions can serve as a guide for developers in designing and promoting apps. Developers should be aware that categories have diverse levels of popularity across regions. Further, since the preference for different categories varies from region to region, it is also important for developers to choose the right regional market.

3.rating-boxplot.pdf    
It illustrates the boxplot of the distribution of user ratings for all popular apps by region, where regions are listed in descending order of average ratings. The red line indicates the median and the blue line denotes the mean. Overall, the average rating of popular apps in each region ranges from 4.0 to 4.6. The country with the highest average rating is Montserrat, with a mean rating about 4.55 and a median rating of 5.0, and the country with the lowest average rating is Turkey. The potential influential factors for this diversity have been articulated in the paper.
